working through video gallery migration bug fixes (#5140)
Azure/communication-ui-library: packages/storybook8/stories/Components/VideoGallery/Docs.mdx

### Gallery Layout

> If there are no remote video streams on, all participants are placed in the [Grid Layout](./?path=/docs/components-grid-layout--docs) including the local user. Otherwise, only remote participants with their video streams on are placed in the Grid Layout upto a max of `maxRemoteVideoStreams`. The remaining participants are placed in the Horizontal Gallery.

Author: added in the space. I think that is what this issue is referring to?

      src="images/short-screen-share.png"
      alt="Fill to frame in VideoGallery"
    />
    <>
      <br />❌ Wide screen share appearence horiztonal gallery
    </>
  </Stack>
  <Stack horizontalAlign="center">
    <Image
      style={{ width: '100%', height: 'auto' }}
      src="images/short-screen-share-vertical.png"
      alt="Fill frame menu item in VideoGallery"
    />
    <>
      <br />✅ Wide screen share appearence vertical gallery
    </>
  </Stack>
</Stack>

## Content Sharing Experience

> The screen shared is the only element placed in the GridLayout and all remote participants are placed in the horizontal gallery in the lower section. To be able to view this screen share, the sharing participant should have their `isScreenSharingOn` prop set to true as well as a defined `screenShareStream` prop (see `localParticipant` and `remoteParticipants` props).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The screen shared is the only element placed in the [Grid Layout](./?path=/docs/components-grid-layout--docs) and all remote participants are placed in the horizontal gallery in the lower section. To be able to view this screen share, the sharing participant should have their `isScreenSharingOn` prop set to true as well as a defined `screenShareStream` prop (see `localParticipant` and `remoteParticipants` props).
```

> The screen shared is the only element placed in the GridLayout and all remote participants are placed in the horizontal gallery in the lower section. To be able to view this screen share, the sharing participant should have their `isScreenSharingOn` prop set to true as well as a defined `screenShareStream` prop (see `localParticipant` and `remoteParticipants` props).

Reviewer 2: This is the paragraph for the Content Sharing section on Storybook6  
`Our VideoGallery component is designed for optimal content sharing, incorporating both screen sharing and PowerPoint Live functionalities. The screen shared is the sole element placed in the [Grid Layout](https://60c7ae6891f0e90039d7cd54-wkswzouqpn.chromatic.com/?path=/docs/ui-components-gridlayout--grid-layout), with all remote participants positioned in the horizontal gallery at the lower section. For effective screen sharing or PowerPoint Live, ensure the sharing participant has their isScreenSharingOn prop set to true, along with a defined screenShareStream prop (refer to localParticipant and remoteParticipants props).`

This content seems more related to content sharing while the current one seems to be talking about screen sharing?

- <strong>Screen Sharing:</strong> Share your local screen with participants in real-time or view remote screen shares.
  For more details, see the sections below.
- <strong>PowerPoint Live:</strong> Exclusively view remote PowerPoint presentations.
  <a href="?path=/docs/concepts-powerpoint-live--docs">Learn more about PowerPoint Live</a>.

> 

Reviewer 2: The above 2 bullet points should be added under the Supported Features section below.

Author: removed.

### Supported Features

Currently, the VideoGallery component supports two primary features to enhance collaboration and presentation quality: screen sharing and PowerPoint Live.

> 

Reviewer 2: The two bullet points should be here.

Author: i must have missed this change. Should be in now. I recall making an unordered list before but it might not have been commited.

### From a presenter point of view

<Canvas
  source={{ code: ScreenSharingFromPresenterExampleText }}
  of={VideoGalleryStories.ScreenSharingFromPresenterExampleDocsOnly}
/>

### From a viewer point of view

Note that in this example, we substitute the screenshare video stream with an image just for mocking experience.

> 

Reviewer 2: The content under this section is different than storybook6: 
`We have the capability to configure the screenShareStream to utilize any HTMLElement as the renderElement, enabling functionalities like screen sharing and PowerPoint Live. It's important to note that, in this specific example, we're replacing the screenshare video stream with an image merely to simulate the experience.`
Not sure whether this is intentional.

Author: Added it back in

      src="images/short-screen-share.png"
      alt="Fill to frame in VideoGallery"
    />
    <>
      <br />❌ Wide screen share appearence horiztonal gallery
    </>
  </Stack>
  <Stack horizontalAlign="center">
    <Image
      style={{ width: '100%', height: 'auto' }}
      src="images/short-screen-share-vertical.png"
      alt="Fill frame menu item in VideoGallery"
    />
    <>
      <br />✅ Wide screen share appearence vertical gallery
    </>
  </Stack>
</Stack>

## Content Sharing Experience

> Our VideoGallery component is designed for optimal content sharing, incorporating both screen sharing and PowerPoint Live functionalities. The screen shared is the sole element placed in the Grid Layout, with all remote participants positioned in the horizontal gallery at the lower section. For effective screen sharing or PowerPoint Live, ensure the sharing participant has their isScreenSharingOn prop set to true, along with a defined screenShareStream prop (refer to localParticipant and remoteParticipants props).

Reviewer 2: `Grid Layout` should have a link

> Our VideoGallery component is designed for optimal content sharing, incorporating both screen sharing and PowerPoint Live functionalities. The screen shared is the sole element placed in the Grid Layout, with all remote participants positioned in the horizontal gallery at the lower section. For effective screen sharing or PowerPoint Live, ensure the sharing participant has their isScreenSharingOn prop set to true, along with a defined screenShareStream prop (refer to localParticipant and remoteParticipants props).

Reviewer 2: The last sentence should be: 
ensure the sharing participant has their  `isScreenSharingOn` prop set to true, along with a defined `screenShareStream` prop (refer to `localParticipant` and `remoteParticipants` props).
```

The default rendering options can be set for remote video streams as well as the local video stream through VideoGallery props `remoteVideoViewOptions` and `localVideoViewOptions`. To set the remote video streams to fill frame set the scalingMode to 'Crop' like in the code snippet. To set it to fit-to-frame set scalingMode to 'Fit'.

```typescript

> const renderingOptionsDefault = `

Reviewer 2: Seems like we should remove this line above.

Author: we need this so it applies additional typescript formatting

import { VideoGallery, VideoStreamOptions } from '@internal/react-components';

const ViewOptionsDefault = (): JSX.Element => {
  const localVideoViewOptions = {
    scalingMode: 'Crop',
    isMirrored: true
  } as VideoStreamOptions;

  const remoteVideoViewOptions = {
    scalingMode: 'Crop',
    isMirrored: true
  } as VideoStreamOptions;

  return (
    <VideoGallery
      layout="floatingLocalVideo"
      localParticipant={MockLocalParticipant}
      remoteParticipants={MockRemoteParticipants}
      localVideoViewOptions={localVideoViewOptions}
      remoteVideoViewOptions={remoteVideoViewOptions}
    />
  );
};
}

> `;

Reviewer 2: And remove this line

Author: fixed
